Minutes from previous meetings (#144)
pq-code-package/tsc: meetings/2025-02-13/minutes.md

Reviewer: Just the small correction that only 1 person representing Die QRL Stiftung - me.

Author: thanks. corrected

  * [Other Open TSC issues](https://github.com/orgs/pq-code-package/projects/4/views/1)

* Any other business

## Welcome

Noted that Douglas has resigned as per agenda notice, and that ML-DSA native is welcomed as a new subproject

## Minutes/actions from previous meeting

### Updates from related communities

#### PQCA

* A blog post was published two weeks ago from Nvidia on accelerating PQC.
* A blog post is being prepared for the one-year anniversary of PQCA.
  * There will be a section in the blog post on PQCP.
  * A section on "what to expect in 2025" will be included.

#### OQS

> * Two big changes were getting ML-KEM-Native into OQS thanks to Bazel and the ML-KEM implementation from CUPQC from Nvidia.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Two big changes were getting mlkem-native into OQS thanks to Basil Hess and the ML-KEM implementation from CUPQC from Nvidia.
```

* There have been loose conversations around API changes.
  * The feeling is that preserving the current three-function API is not a priority, and offering flexibility to users is preferred.
* Discussions are underway about whether PQCP should make its own ML-KEM provider.
  * A new issue will be created for discussion.
* An issue was recently opened on liboqs talking about adding checks for ML-KEM keys.
  * The specific check that it mentioned is called pairwise consistency checks.

### Review of subprojects

#### mlkem-native

* API changes are being discussed.
  * The API will be implemented in MLKEM-Native.
  * The NIST discussions did not go any further.
  * The API will be implemented in a backward, compatible way.
  * Additional functions will be added.
  * The NIST issue will be closed.
* The AWS-LC integration is in progress.

>   * A draft pull request has been opened.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * A pull request has been opened: https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/pull/2176
```

The OpenSSL CLA issue was discussed.
* The issue is whether to get the contributors to ML-KEM-Native to sign the CLA.
* This means not just the current contributors but also the previous contributors to the reference implementation.

> * The feedback from the PQCrystals team was positive, but not everyone has responded yet.
> * There are about eight people on the reference implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The feedback from Peter Schwabe was positive, but he has yet to reach out to the rest of the team.
* There are nine people in the AUTHORS file of the reference implementation.
```
